you guys up um crap the pick is in for
Seattle um have a lot of different ways
they could go right here that family
train Julian Peterson for Cory Redding
and all season I think it takes away
from bj raji I don't think they're going
to get him um yeah with train Peterson
also i think thinking opens it up i
think they're gonna take care of courage
is it could definitely using that a
linebacker yeah and yeah he's very
athletic can't get should there's blocks
and that's maybe a great pick for
Seattle here's Roger get down also no
Crabtree very hurry up i'm curious now
see God ya gotta wake forest he was
definitely the best linebacker in the
draft yeah I don't like maybe always
trying he is crying he's up he should
definitely be out uh they got lofa
tatupu still I their tears is there
gonna be beast next year really um their
defense definitely with them to you know
width on their secondary signatories not
yeah they shoot secondaries not really
that good yet true fonts pretty good um
Kelly Jennings hasn't really worked out
for them now you forget the on grass
safety he is not bad but if passed if I
can stay healthy and taking you know
establish some kind of funny game along
they never really have a number of bags
like Maurice and Mort situation ever
since Sean Alexander yet after that MVP
year he just hasn't been the same and
again Mountain alia pusherman sod it so
that's why I didn't think it would go
Crabtree because that went great like do
loa yeah and you should buy but their
defense could definitely use the help
and Eric hurry it's probably one of the
safest pictures draft and justice stud
and he's are a great guy great hack or
can deliver that big hit 105 and last
year two thousand
it says he's also give ya you can also
get back in coverage you know had a
couple interceptions um it's just no
around great pick I think he's gonna be
sudden this leaking him it's a tube
we're gonna be hella combination I
definitely I think with their the next
pick them in the second Seattle this
should it should definitely go all
offense I don't know it's not going to
go receiver you might go for back yet
maybe running back yeah I could
definitely see Rebecca running back
don't know what running backs are gonna
fall down Brown may be young show em COI
so we'll see what happens it'll be
interesting um cooking Browns got about
six and a half minutes to go on the
clock they could get a lot of different
ways opening super defense depending on
what happens if braylon edwards and
we'll see what happens as aaron curry is
now sealed so we'll be here when friends
make their selection and mostly what
happens